Adds ban notices (#19)
Crossedfall/crossed-cogs: README.md

/datum/config_entry/string/bot_ip
```

> In order to use ban notice option, following has to be added to the code/modules/admin/sql_ban_system.dm:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to display ban notices, the following has to be added to the code/modules/admin/sql_ban_system.dm:
```
